This is in response to the query of Andrej Karpathy in twitter. He tweeted whether anybody found a good definition of "slop".

I gave a bit thought on this and posted the below response...

## AI Slop: 
Instead of defining it, lets see if we can understand through a physical example. Lets say in your village there is a well known craftsperson and you are in need of a glass fish bowl.....You asked your daughter to go to this craftsperson and ask for a glass bowl for fish that can hold 2 gallons of water....You specifically instructed to check if it is good before buying... 
- Your daughter went to the craftsperson and prompted "I need a glass bowl for fish that can hold 2 gallons of water"....He showed a beautiful fish bowl in the shape of fish, your daughter loved it
- She checked the bowl and looked fine, paid the money bought this fish-shaped fish bowl....She ran back to home happily with that bowl and showed it to you
- You looked it, it appeared good, and appreciated her for that....Now, you have cleaned it, poured water, and dropped a pair of fish in it, and placed it in a sweet spot of your living room
- But after sometime, you observed that the surface on which the glass pot is placed is wet; there is a slop of water;  
- At first glance you did not observe it in the aesthetically pleasing fish bowl (perhaps you could not)...
- Now can you define and quantify how bad and sloppy the product is? Yes, there is a whole subject of quality assurance...
- But, we have to be careful on what you are defining or quantifying...Are you talking about the quality of fish bowl? Are you implying the defects of the fish bowl? Can you quantify the quality of fish bowl using the spillage and the 'slop' of water...This might provide some possible directions on how you understand AI 'slop'
- For sure you can answer some questions after this whole experience....is it a fish bowl? Yes....is it looking good? Yes....Does it serve the purpose? No

### Final Thoughts
Now, here is the questions for the consumers...<br>
- Do you want this aesthetically pleasing non-functional fish-shaped fish bowl? <br>
- To the manufacturing engineers who frequently deal with this.....How you define this sloppy (or cheap) products?
